	1. Why are you interested in programming? What have you done to expose yourself to programming so far?

There are a near infinite amount of reasons I am interested in programming, the most important being: We are in the middle of an explosive technology age, and I want to be a part of it. Furthermore, I believe that women have the opportunity to make a large impact in the technology field, and I want to be an advocate for all women who were once told that science and technology is a man’s field.  Specifically, using programming gives me the potential to create, inspire, and make an impact on the world by presenting applications, websites, and information in a way that can portray a positive message that is easily accessible to millions of people. 

In exposing myself to programming and development, I have taken a Coding101 class from CodeFellows, additionally I have jumpstarted my education via codeacademy.com and Udemy.com, taking classes such as Intro to JavaScript, SQL Querying, HTML, Python and Ruby. While I still consider myself a novice, I love what I have learned so far and am extremely excited for the opportunity to continue my education with ADA. 

	2. What are your professional goals for the next 2 years, the next 5 years?
	
My experience in the last decade has focused heavily on operations, business, and finance. In the last twelve months I have been unemployed, unable to find work in my previous sector in Seattle, and have been using that time to expose myself to many fields, technologies, and career paths. With that being said, my two year goal with ADA is as followed: Starting January I want to fully immerse myself in the ADA programming environment, learning Ruby, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and network with other amazing women! After the six month classroom training, I will commit myself fully to the internship program and continue building my portfolio. My goals for after completing the internship, is to get hired on with a company in which I can continue applying myself and creating wonderful bits of technology to better peoples lives. My five year plan is to be able to work with non-profits that are determined to promote human equality, and wildlife preservation. 
	
	
	
	3. Tell us about a time you made a mistake that you learned a lot from. If you encountered the situation again, what would you do differently?
	
	In the past few months of my unemployment, I thought it would be an enlightening experience to be an Uber driver to supplement my income. Part of the process when picking up a passenger, is to verify that persons name. On one occasion, I did not properly do so, and ended up picking up the wrong passenger from downtown Seattle who happened to be traveling to the same location as the person I was supposed to pick up. Upon discovering that I picked up the wrong passenger, I logged off the app and I drove them to their final destination, which happened to be in Bellevue. Because I had failed to properly verify the passenger, I knew I would not be compensated for the ride but continued to provide the same great service to the client as if I would have been. For all future passengers, I now ensure I verbally confirm their identity and also that I am the driver they requested.
	
	4. Have you taught yourself anything before? Describe what you learned and how you approached it.
In order to properly portray the scenario I would like to use, a little backstory is necessary. My husband is an Olympic caliber swimmer, qualifying for the 2004 Olympics. Even though he is not competing at that level anymore, it is still a huge part of his life in that he swims on a masters team 4 nights a week, showing lots of dedication. As a former athlete myself, in April of this year, I decided to aggressively pursue learning to swim competitively. When I first started, I was terrible. However, spending every evening in the pool perfecting my stroke, spending hours watching instructional videos from Olympic athletes, hiring a coach, and with the support of my family and friends, I have learned to swim competitively and even competed in my first masters swim meet. My training with swimming will be a lifelong affair, and will require constant dedication to my overall fitness, nutrition, and motivation. I utilize this learning approach to everything I set my mind to, and will do so with programming. I will commit and dedicate myself to this domain, ingesting information from every avenue that presents itself, may that be classroom, projects, tutorials, coaching/mentors, etc. 
	

